Add migrating between resources section (#127497)
Azure/azure-content: articles/static-web-apps/custom-domain.md

1. Once your domain is validated, you can migrate your traffic to your static web app by updating your `CNAME`, `ALIAS`, or `A` record to point to your [default host name](./apex-domain-external.md)

## Migrating domains between instances

Azure Static Web Apps only permit binding a unique domain to a single resource within a slice. Attempting to bind a domain already bound to another resource without first disassociating from the original resource will result in failure.

The slice your resource is placed in can be determined by inspecting the default URL assigned to it:

`<random-prefix>.<slice>.azurestaticapps.net`

> eg. a Static Web App site with the default URL of `orange-pond-0a04b7203.2.azurestaticapps.net` has been placed in slice number 2. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a Static Web App site with the default URL of `orange-pond-0a04b7203.2.azurestaticapps.net` has been placed in slice number 2. 
```

If the static app you're migrating the domain from and to are both in the same slice you must either:

* Remove the domain from one instance, then add it to your new instance. This will result in some downtime.

> * Delete and re-deploy the new instance until the resulting resource is placed into a slice different from the source instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Delete and redeploy the new instance until the resulting resource is placed into a slice different from the source instance.
```
